Document tuple parameters (#5178)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/edgeql/parameters.rst

Parameter types and JSON
------------------------

> In EdgeDB 2.0, parameters can be only :ref:`scalars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to EdgeDB 3.0, parameters can be only :ref:`scalars
```
